---
layout: post
title:  "D&D, 1st Official Game"
author: Patrick
categories: [ Gaming, Fantasy ]
image: assets/images/Dragon1.png
comments: true
featured: True
---

Today Saturday June 2, 2018 is our first official game. We had some technical difficulties but that is to be expected when working with a new program. Some characters (who we won't mention here :)) was having problems importing their character. We finally got started at 08:40. The Dungeon Master starts out by telling us we are in the city of Neverwinter. We are in a Pub where Brinklehoff is meeting with an old friend. So Nightscar buys Brinklehoff and his friend a drink (This cost me 7 silver), and interrupts the conversation to ask if he can join the adventure that is spoken about between Brinklehoff and his friend. 08:55 we are in town buying inventory. Darra Light recommended that we buy a Healer's kit, which we did and put in the Inventory, had to deduct 5 gold from my inventory for that. 09:58 the DM put up a map of Neverwinter. 09:03 DM circled Neverwinter on the map. Darra Light is having problems hearing the DM, his voice keeps cutting out. At 09:14 the DM told us that we were travelling from Neverwinter travelling South on "The High Road." We are in a caravan being led by Oxens. So DM asked us our marching order. I told him I wanted to be in front of the Caravan, the oxens like I am guarding the caravan. He agreed since the oxens move slow. So we now have our formation set. We are waiting on Darra (Billy) to get back. She was having problems hearing the DM. 
09:26 Darra asked if in the distance if it was clear or a forest. DM told him that it was clear and then he explained the formation that we were put in while he was away getting his laptop relocated. DM says we have been traveling for two(2) days so we have to take two days off of our inventory sheet. So now I am down to eight(8) of rations. 
At 09:45 we started back on the adventure. There are two horses down in front of us on the path. Nightscar and KenKann go up to inspect. There are black arrows in the horses. The saddlebags are empty and the mapcase is empty. 09:51 four (4) goblins come out of the forest and then disappears but the they are back now. KenKann and Nightscar can see them but the rest of the party cannot see them yet. We are going to roll and see if we get surprised. So KenKann rolled an 18-1 for perception. Nightscar rolled a 1-1 for his perception. So now the Goblins get a free attack on us. We all had to roll inititive and we all rolled low. So the Goblins will get one free attack on KenKann and Nightscar. 10:04 we are finally in combat. Goblin1 is getting a free attack on KenKann. So KenKann is already wounded. Now Goblin2 is attacking Nighscar. Goblin2 misses Nighscar. Goblin3 fires his bow at Nighscar. It is hit, and I am wounded. Goblin4 is firing at KenKann with his short bow, it is an automatic miss. So now the goblins are rolling for initiative. Now we are starting our combat order starting with Brinklehoff. He moves a diagonally behind KenKann and is using a debuff on all the Goblins. Only one of the Goblins suceeded against the debuff. DM decided that one minute is four rounds. When Goblins roll they have to roll a D4 and subtract their attack modifier. 
